There's only one game in town here this
morning and it is of course the tariffs
and the array of tariffs that we've
gotten in the last couple hours or so
from the US as we countd down to this
tariff deadline of August 1st and we are
start to see right some surprises Dave
Taiwan 20% Switzerland 39% uh and
certainly a 10% blanket on everyone else
maybe that the US doesn't want to talk
to
>> yeah there's a minimum of 10 right now
that's going to be the baseline across
these markets as Son is pointing out we
are looking at Some surprises here.
Canada was jacked up to 35%. We're
seeing market reaction right now. The
dollar is steady. Equity markets though
are on the back foot. Korea is down 3%.
Taiwan is coming online uh in a couple
of minutes if not already now. And we
are expecting to see some pressure
there. You're watching the China show.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
The Friday session just under 30 minutes
away. The next three hours will be quite
critical as we approach that deadline.
And 7 days after that deadline, so this
time around this time next week is when
the terrorists which are starting to
form in more clarity right now will
start to take effect. Markets are
already reacting as you can see some of
the markets like Korea for example,
Taiwan is coming online 1.4% 4% uh to
the downside. Singapore coming online
unchanged there. Flip the boards please.
Gold futures which were higher at the
open in the early goings of this Friday
are now seeing a bit of downside now. US
futures as you can see and of course
we're also looking at Europe
specifically because when you look at
Switzerland and how that specific market
is actually weighted towards farm and
pharmaceuticals. We'll we'll see what
that looks like. 39% tariffs as far as
that is concerned. Right. It's an
ongoing and fluid conversation as far as
Taiwan is concerned. Uh we we'll get you
more details in a moment on really uh
what perhaps the possibilities are
although we are working with the
assumption of 20% and possibly maybe
even lower. We mentioned gold uh bond
futures are on the way down. So as you
can see yields are uh biased towards the
upside. Currency markets are doing this.
In about 10 minutes or so, we'll get the
fix coming out of the PBOC and that will
be critical as far as maybe providing
some short-term support for these
markets. In fact, the reason I bring it
up is on this next chart you're seeing
on your screens right now, dollar China
for the first time in several weeks has
a 720 handle it given the first positive
month for the dollar this year and we
are set for the dollar's best week, get
this, in three years.
>> It it's interesting this whole big macro
story. what is leading to this breakout
in the dollar, right? Obviously, what we
heard from the Fed and what we've been
seeing in that that inflation print
overnight certainly did kind of lead
things higher for the dollar. Uh but
then again, you know, the big question
today is are we entering to this new era
of higher effective tariff rates? Right
now, things have to settle still.
>> It seems like right now that number is
still slightly lower than or higher than
pre- liberation day.
>> Yeah.
>> But still when you talk about baseline
is still 10%. Initially, the threat was
15%. You got to wonder, you know, did
Trump actually chickenen out? Maybe or
maybe not, right? There's still a lot of
questions on that, but we're going to
break it down country by country as much
as we can the next two hours or so
>> because yeah, there's a lot of confusion
going on because lots of new numbers
have come out as well. In fact, there
are new numbers and then some of the
commentary that's come through so far is
based on ongoing negotiations. There is
still room to bring some of those
numbers down. Like Taiwan's a good
example. Thailand 19% that's come out
and what they're saying is and this is
funny. You take a step back and Thailand
is saying because of our good
relationship with the US we're only
getting 19%. A win for them
>> and that's a good thing to your point
right equity markets are up 25% since
liberation day. So they priced out worst
case scenario on a trade war but you got
to wonder have they completely priced
out all the risks right? And a lot of
the commentary that's come through so
far is this does open up some downside
uh over the short term as far these
markets go. And downside is what exactly
we are seeing going into the Friday
session here today.
>> Yeah, let's unpack all this right now.
All these tariff headlines. We're joined
by Romy Vargas in Sacramento. Also Mman
Low joining us here right now in Hong
Kong. Ail Hong is also joining us from
Singapore. Romy, I'm going to start with
you. You know, we we got a whole a slew
of news here and we're trying to really
kind of break down what this means. What
are the motives and rationale behind
some of these tariff rates? Are we
finally getting some resolution on what
Trump is doing with tariffs?
>> I think certainly we have seen some
resolution. We know what our global
minimum is. That's 10%. Um we saw a slew
of tariffs for various countries. Um but
we still have a lot that's outstanding.
Um the biggest one is China. We still
don't know how that's going to settle.
um they have a August 12th deadline for
um for that truce and that I would think
is a really huge thing that's looming
over all of us and equity markets to be
frank and of course we have Mexico
another key trading partner for the
United States that got Mexico got a
90day reprieve so yes we did get a lot
of clarity we got our 10% we've got um
15% for other countries that have a
trade surplus we've gotten and like some
very interesting rates for Switzerland
and the Philippines and we had already
seen what was going to happen with
Indonesia, Indonesia and India and South
Korea. But again, um there is still a
lot more that we need we need to have
clarity on and today is not going to be
the final day when it comes to Trump and
his tariff policies.
Romy David here. I mean, speaking of
question marks, the big one I have in my
head is Canada and 25 to now 35%. What's
going on there?
>> Yeah, Trump is not treating his North
American neighbors equally. We got a 35%
rate for Canada, which is higher than
the 25% from before. Meanwhile, Mexico,
as I mentioned, gets a 90-day reprieve.
Um, one thing that's pretty clear though
is that there is a big exemption um for
Canada Canadian goods because um goods
that are traded under the US Mexico
Canada trade pact are exempt and that is
a huge relief for Canada and its prime
minister Mark Carney. Um I mean
obviously a higher rate of 35% is a big
disappointment but for now um the bulk
of goods are being traded under the this
North American trade um agreement and
that really makes the effective rate for
these goods um a little bit above 5%. Of
course, we still need to find out what's
going to happen with these sector level
tariffs, the so-called sectoral tariffs.
And again, as I mentioned, you know,
there's still a lot of uncertainty about
that.
>> Me, I'll get to Taiwan. They say that
20% tariff rates are temporary right
now. Seems like they still want to
negotiate.
>> Yes. Obviously, they're not satisfied
given it is higher than what uh Taiwan's
rivals, South Korea and Japan, had
gotten 15% there. But Taiwan got the 20%
rate and they're saying this is just
temporary. They want to continue the
next round of trade talks. They want to
lower tariffs further and in particular
they want preferential rates on chips
because remember there is still the
section 232 investigation into
semiconductors. If there are more
sectoral tariffs that's going to be a
big hit to TSMC and the Taiwanese
economy. And this is despite all the
signals from the Taiwanese government
that it was willing to buy more goods
from the US including agricultural
goods, energy products, military
equipment. The Taiwanese president has
pledged to invest more in the US. But
this is coming against the backdrop of
the US China trade talks happening at
the same time and the reports coming out
of the FT that the US was not granting
passage to Taiwanese president Linta to
stop over in the US on route to other
South American countries. So raising the
question is whether or not the US is
going to trade away Taiwan in the
interest of this broader trade talk with
the US. And of course for the exporters
it's going to be a big hit not just
because of tariffs but also the
appreciation of the Taiwanese dollar
which has gone up by about 9% against
the US dollar year to date so far.
>> Yeah, April let me bring you in. You
know the the idea of US allies is a
fluid one in this discussion. We just
heard, you know, Trump is treating North
Korea, uh, North North America as as
separately, Mexico, Canada. Uh, Minman
just pointed out, of course, the nuance
in the Taiwan story. Uh, you've been
looking at the winners and losers here
and really how these three buckets have
so far emerged. David, what can you tell
us?
>> Yeah, I mean, being an ally of the US or
having that really close relationship is
no guarantee of a lower rate to your
point. So you can kind of uh separate it
into three buckets to think about
things. You have on one end of the
spectrum the ones that are being hit by
the baseline 10% rate. So kind of
winners in a sense and then the losers
right you talk about Canada with 35%
even though the economic impact might be
quite muted because of the US MCA
exemptions and then Switzerland as well.
this is a much higher rate than was
previously uh threatened and you talk
about the pharmaceutical sector and how
that is a key product of export to the
US so that's something that has already
been playing out in currency markets and
then think about maybe closer to home
where I am in Southeast Asia right uh
where you have the likes of Thailand and
Cambodia that were in the midst of a
border conflict so the worry was that
they would be slapped with 36% now
they're getting 19 this is seen as a
good outcome. But for Malaysia that when
I spoke to the trade minister in May
thought that 10% would be a good
outcome, they're also getting hit by
19%. And then as I mentioned earlier,
when it comes to sort of the winners in
all this, the ones that have been, you
know, secure in that baseline tariff
rate because it's not at 15% which was
earlier what the worry was like
Singapore. Uh this is also seen as a
good outcome. Remember the likes of
Singapore, they import more goods from
the US uh than they export. So that's
one way of looking at the winners and
the losers as these tariff announcements
come in.
Team, thank you so much. Romy, Minman,
and April there, of course, on all uh
the different facets of this ongoing and
very fluid developing story here. Thank
you so much for that. Uh going into the
open 20 minutes away here, the opening
well in greater China. Just to note, of
course, one market we have been tracking
very closely is South Korea. As you can
see, we're off substantially in the
market. Capital gains tax is what we're
pointing to there. We're down 3.7%
fittingly, but coincidentally the
biggest drop uh since Liberation Day
back in early April is Eskihx. Samsung
electronics leading these declines to
the downside down about 6% on the Korean
chipmaker. Right.
>> Yep. We're still going to talk about
trade coming up here. Speaking to the
former US under secretary of commerce
for international trade and former US
ambassador to Singapore, Frank Leven.
We're counting down the opens of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong. This
is the China Show.
[Music]
>> Earning season is here.
>> The earnings are front and center. A
slew of results already out.
>> Are tariffs going to eat into margins?
>> Bloomberg is first to break the numbers.
>> JP Morgan City. Wells Fargo, Bank of
America, Goldman, Morgan Stanley.
>> I'm getting my spreadsheets ready
>> with the smartest insights.
>> It's going to be a canking situation.
>> Expectations are relatively low.
>> The market is looking for confirmation
of that growth narrative.
>> Continuing coverage on Bloomberg.
Context changes everything.
[Music]
Good morning and welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. The opening
bell just 14 minutes 16 minutes away
give or take here. The remmbb of the day
is coming out in a couple of seconds.
Estimates bottom of your screens. Uh we
are trading at about those estimates but
so far we have had a fix for the most
part of July roughly anchored and welded
around the 715 handle. If we get
something on the stronger side or a
stronger buys at least that might
provide a floor for risk assets which
are clawing for some anchor some
stability as we go into the session
today. It was interesting what we saw
with the S&P right just towards the end
of the trade that where basically we we
lost about a percent of gains
>> leading up to the you know month end and
the like there and what's really kind of
driving that. Uh certainly it's going to
be one thing. Um but certainly in this
hour it's really been about Trump and
tariffs
>> and really what does this mean in terms
of US trade policy moving forward.
Joining us now is Frank Lavin, former US
under secretary of commerce for
international trade. Frank, it's always
great to have you. You know what how do
we look at it now? Right? Is this really
something that we're seeing is still
negotiating tactics,
horse trading, or are we actually
starting to see the the entering this
new era of of higher tariffs and higher
trade barriers?
>> Yeah, thank thanks first for having me
on, Ivon, and David. Good to see you.
Um, look, I think the we're getting to
the finish line on this very aggressive
Trump initiative that started with
Liberation Day and putting all of the US
trading partners on the back foot and
hitting all of them with real tariff
shock and then threatening even more
tariffs and then sectoral tariffs on
steel, aluminum, copper. Uh, but but
he's gotten a response. He's got a
response and he's worked out new trading
range with most of US trading partners.
China being I think the largest
exception so far, but even that is
working its way to a finish line. So, I
think we're really seeing the dust
settle. I think we're seeing the
temperature drop a bit. I think we're
seeing a return of stability. I I would
break there's still going to be one more
twist in this. There's still going to be
one outlier. It might be US Brazil
because there's personal animosity
there. It might be Canada because we've
seen uh Trump give them a sharp elbow.
But there's still one or two outliers
that are that are left. But in general
the situation is moving towards
stability and what the US business
community wants predictability.
>> Frank David here the to the point you
just made it it's certainly helpful for
everyone to have clarity and we are
getting to the end of this specific
tunnel. Do you think the president
though has achieved his objective which
might be different from simply tariffs?
What is what was the end objective and
whether or not you think that was
achieved? I think that's the point that
we might not see a good answer to for
months, David. I mean, I think it's fair
to say that Trump in general has
prevailed in the sense that he has
gotten most of what he wanted. He's
looking at asymmetrical tariffs. He's
putting the sort of a mercantalist trade
policy front and center that the US is
promoting its exports and it's it's uh
putting a higher cost on other countries
exports to the US. So, he's prevailed in
terms of getting what he wants. But has
that helped the US economy? Is that
going to improve our growth rate or is
it going to improve unemployment rate? I
think that's very much an open question
and I I personally don't see it. I think
he sort of won in the sense of getting
his goals, but I don't see uh adding
those extra costs to US business as
helping and I don't see any real
reshoring taking place.
>> Where should we expect effective tariff
rates to settle then? Now, Frank, I
think liberation day was around 30%.
What's sort of that number now you
think?
>> Well, it's country by country are these
new rates and it's 15 seems to be the
the common race that still a big
question mark where China's going to end
up and I think as you noted in the
previous segment Ivon what's really
interesting is how many carveouts there
are. So he's talking about he added a
50% tariff onto Brazil but then he
carved out aircraft aircraft parts
orange juice and a lot of other sectors.
So I think the effective rate the post
the poster rate so to speak might be
that 15% or or a little high for some
countries but the effective rate might
be significantly lower might be 10% or
even in the high single digits.
>> Frank where do you think the the grand
deal with China I'm carefully phrasing
that instead of just simply a tariff and
tariff rate the grand deal with China
ends up and how do you think that's
going to look? Well, I think there'll be
some improvements in US market access. I
think the US is going to have these
asymmetrical tariffs in place. U and the
real question is to what extent will the
US tariffs on China be higher than those
imposed on other Asian trading partners
because it's really a competition among
them for US investment and primacy and
US trade architecture. And I think China
is going to come out somewhat on the
losing end of this. Meaning the good
news for China is the dust settles. The
bad news is if Japan has a lower
effective rate or if Taiwan has a lower
effective rate, then that's bad news
over the long run for China.
>> How should these nations be thinking
now? Should they just settle with these
rates, Frank? Or
>> I I think I think
>> a way to look at what happened with
China, right?
>> Oh, sorry. I I
>> because I I see what happened.
>> No, go ahead. Now, I was going to ask
you because China was the perhaps the
one that really kind of stuck their neck
out with reciprocal tariffs
>> and they got what they wanted in some
ways, right?
>> Yes, they have the leverage of rare
earths. They certainly use that.
>> Do other nations have that kind of
leverage to do the same?
>> I I don't think they do have that kind
of leverage and I don't think they have
the appetite uh for a long-term
friction. And remember, Korea, Japan,
and Taiwan all have very strong security
concerns and a security relationship
with the United States. So, they just
don't want an open-ended spat, an
open-ended friction in that relationship
because more important is keeping that
defense relationship uh going. So, they
move to settle very quickly. Uh China's
got more of a sense of nationalism and
it certainly doesn't have any kind of
security relation to the US. Uh so
they're they're in more of a position to
push back and more position to be a bit
difficult and they'll and they don't
mind enduring several rounds and six
months of back and forth to get to get
this solved. So they just have greater
capacity to push back but the other
countries don't.
>> Frank, just to circle back and I'm I
want to get your thoughts on why on
Canada specifically.
>> Um what do you suspect went took place
there? Why why do you think we went up
to to 35% with Canada?
>> It's a little hard to say because Carney
had always been very sure-footed in his
dealings with Trump. There had been
nothing inflammatory or or off the top
of head because remember Trudeau gotten
some occasional spats and there's some
back and forth, but I don't think
Trump's got a chip on his shoulder about
Carney. one item that Trump did invoke
in the last 24 hours that that Canada
stated it was prepared to grant
diplomatic recognition to the Palestine
state. Uh now Canada had some conditions
on that. that said if if the Palestine
state has elections within a year. So it
was not unconditional support. But that
did irritate Trump to the point where he
he raised it as a concern of trade
issues just and he's raised remember he
raised an issue with China of China's
support for Russia and Ukraine as an
issue. He's raised uh in Brazil their
domestic politics where the Brazilian
government has jailed Bolsinaro and that
upsets Trump. So he he doesn't have a
problem about injecting sort of side
issues that are not directly related to
trade into these talks.
>> Frank, what else should we be looking
out for? What's still coming? Right. I I
I think of one thing maybe exports that
are trans shipped. I'm also thinking
sectoral tariffs. What what should we
look out though for in those? Well, I'll
tell you there's there's several other
elements you you mentioned too, but the
other point I'd look at is Trump is
providing a very strong incentive for
other trading partners to seek their own
trade arrangements with like-minded
nations. So, I would not be surprised,
for example, if the EU moves forward
very aggressively with uh opening up
trade with other kind of countries that
are concerned about Trump's volatility
and these new uh tariff rates. So I
would not be surprised if if as we get
into next year that the EU is announcing
some new deals say with Japan or other
trading partners because that what
they're really saying is US no longer
represents that stable force for market
economics that historically has
represented.
>> Frank, thank you so much for the time
and our apologies if we've interrupted
any of your evening plans there. Thank
you so much for for coming on fairly
last minute and we'll see you when
you're back in town. Frank Lavin there,
former US under secretary for uh
commerce and international trade. Uh
right, going into the open today
declines as you can see on the hanging
index in the early goings. Asia were
down six straight days. That is now the
longest losing streak so far in 2025.
The open 7 minutes away. You're watching
the China show.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back to shows.
We're looking at turnover closely today.
Uh nearly two trillion yesterday and
that's important because we almost had a
very very steep selloff uh going into
the close 1.8% on the CI 300 accompanied
by fairly strong market activity. Keep
an eye on that. A lot of sectors to
watch today. Solar chips, uh, brokerages
are going to be very much in focus given
of course the Asia conversations or that
path towards IPOs here in Hong Kong
might be slightly more stringent based
on some reporting out there. Um,
earnings and of course with Hong Kong
GDP coming out later today. So yeah,
lots to consider going with the
exception of course of all the other
things of course.
>> Morgan Stanley saying this improvement
in Chinese stock sentiment may not hold.
um that the sustainability of the
recovery remains in doubt here flagging
you know this despite this turnover we
expect swings of market sentiment as
over excitement towards anti-involution
there there's that name buzzword once
again US futures are slightly to the
downside here today so is Europe and
watching very closely what happens to
stocks in the pre-market in Hong Hong
Kong what's really kind of big the big
one uh is NEOS shares right so we saw
what happened to the ADRs they jumped
after the official launch of its Envo
L90 model there you go the Stock jumping
there in the pre-market up about 8.7%.
721 for Dollar China. The open is next.
[Music]
Good Friday morning from Hong Kong. 40
seconds to the opening bell. Looking at
some pressure across equity markets,
cash markets, futures, some uncertainty.
Well, first some certainty on tariff
rates. Uh we understand there are some
negotiations taking place still uh up
until the 11th hour. Of course, we're
counting down to the deadline, which is
in about three just over 3 hours from
now. And of course he counts 7 days
after the deadline for when these things
will take effect. We understand Taiwan
will be holding a briefing in about 2
hours from now. Keep an eye on that.
Among many things, of course, it's a
fluid conversation. Equity markets are
poised to open lower here. Ivon.
>> Yeah. And you are seeing a modest
reaction to some of these tariff levels
and what we've seen so far though.
That's one thing to stress. Maybe
because a lot of it has been priced in
when you have big deals like Japan,
South Korea, EU were already kind of set
in in print there a few days ago. So
maybe a lot of this has been priced in
already, but there were some surprises,
right? You talk about Taiwan at 20%,
still higher than North Asia,
Switzerland at 39%. Canada now hit with
35%. So we're still kind of digesting,
you know, what this all means. What is
the rationale behind these higher
tariffs on some of these nations here.
But on markets though, we still continue
to see a another day of losses there.
Right. So Dave mentioned that 1.8% drop
in the CSI 300 yesterday was quite
telling. Laura Wang and her team at
Morgan Stanley is saying this equity
rally there's it remains in doubt now
the sustainability of this rally because
it seems like all this over excitement
they say on anti-involution
is going to make way now for macro
weakness right we saw the PMI numbers in
July they were weaker you saw the poll
bureau read out nothing came out in
terms of large stimulus and they're
still talking about these tensions
between the US and China which the
market continues to underpric price as
well. Keep in mind there's still no deal
between US and China. We still got 12
days to deal with that. So there you go.
That's the sentiment there that maybe
things are starting to peter out despite
turnover being strong. Maybe that's why
we are seeing things peter out a little
bit here today. Once again, Shanghai
Composite is now just below that 3600
level here. We're watching of course
what happens with the likes of the the
the miners and also the commodity space.
Iron Or is catching a slight bit steel
though. It has been seeing a bit of a
pullback here this morning. And we're
watching very closely how Hong Kong
fares here. Uh we talked about the FIX
as well, right? So 714. So it's still
looking pretty steady, but it didn't
quite reflect the recent sort of
strength that we're seeing in the
dollar, right? So maybe this is
providing an anchor from the central
bank on the currency right now as we
wait for some more sort of tariff
clarity. But there you go. Hong Kong
doing a little bit better here today.
We're seeing HStech is up about 4/10en
of 1%. A property is on offer, but we're
watching the tech names and we're seeing
a bit of recovery there from yesterday.
Alibaba's up two and a half%. BU also up
about 2% here. Maidtoan still relatively
speaking not doing as well. But
yesterday we certainly saw a big move
there on what proess did in selling that
stake. Uh in terms of the EV space
that's a big one here today. Perhaps
that's why we're seeing HStech a little
bit elevated. It is about news on NEO.
So the ADRs jumped overnight on this new
Envo I90 L90 launch. So L90. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So it seems like the pricing
people say is competitive. There's some
pretty interesting internal features. I
haven't looked it up yet, but it looks
like it's pretty attractive. So, there
you go. Stock up some 9%, Dave.
>> Yeah, there we go. That's after I think
the stock fell quite sharply um this
week. Okay. Uh a couple of things that
we're tracking as Ivon is pointing out.
So, stable coin legislation, who gets
the license number one, we talked about
the fix and as underscored there. Um you
know, the nothing to see here in the fix
is is almost something to see there. uh
as you underscore the anchor that's
provided so far uh number one number two
and earnings of course we talked about
turnover already in terms of sectors so
Apple suppliers earnings came through
some some decent guidance and as well as
the how Apple described the Chinese
market they did see an acceleration uh
of growth in the Chinese market uh we're
looking at brokers today the reports out
yesterday which the market had already
reacted to but of course this is
something that we've been really uh
bullish about here in Hong Kong is the
pickup in the funding market and it
might based on the reporting China's
eyeing tighter as share firm listings
here uh in Hong Kong. In terms of data,
GDP is coming out later today. Keep an
eye on that and property in case you
missed that. Also very important here,
the home slump deepened with the value
of new home sales. So every month the
top 100 developers come out uh with an
aggregate number and again down 24% from
a year back. Just to underscore the
point Ivonne was making and the point
Morgan Stanley was making, the
fundamental story remains challenged uh
in mainland China. On that very note,
let's bring in Mark Cranfield. He's with
us out of Singapore to talk us through
the market action today. Mark, risk
aversion, not a one or two sigma move,
but how would you how would you
contextualize the the move down we're
seeing in in in equity markets this
Friday?
I think when we came into this week, we
knew there was there was a lot of risk
events building up, a lot of big
earnings numbers and markets,
particularly the US equity markets
trading at very high levels. And I I
suspect that what investors are doing
here is they're saying, is there really
any more good news to price in here?
Especially when we finally have the
trigger of all those tariffs being put
in place, something that which we've
been waiting for, we've been discussing
for a long time. And here it is in black
and white. The reality hits home. The
the tariffs maybe they're not as big as
they were expected to be earlier in the
year, but is something we can no longer
say is coming. They're here. They're
going to happen. And maybe that's the
catalyst where markets are already
pretty richly priced. So, it's pretty
telling if you look at the way we've had
stellar earnings from a whole host of
the major tech companies in the states
over the past two weeks. Alphabet,
Microsoft, Meta, Apple, all doing
extremely well. Amazon was a bit of an
exception. And yet, when we came in this
morning, NASDAQ futures were extending
losses seen late in the session last
night. And if you look at what's
happening in Asia, one of the star
performers has been the Cosby and we've
gapped much lower in Cosby and we're
heading south again, a market which has
had an exceptional run since April. So,
it looks as though investors are
deciding.
We've priced in so many good things
already. You better show us something
even better. Otherwise, we're just going
to take our chips off the table for a
while for a while. Especially when we've
heard that the Federal Reserve is in no
rush to lower interest rates, which is
one of the things that was fueling so
much of the optimism in markets in
recent weeks.
>> And it seems like it's almost fueling
the dollar and what looks to be a
breakout in the dollar now. Mark, we're
talking about set for the best week in 3
years. What do you think is driving that
and and and really can it continue?
>> If you look at the short term of the US
curve, a lot of people use the futures
market. The the curve there is the way
they price short-term rates in United
States over the past 10 days or so. It
has skewed quite dramatically in favor
of higher US rates. That doesn't mean to
say that people expect a rate hike in
the United States. But they certainly no
longer expect any rate cuts anywhere
near coming in the next few months. So
there's been a significant change in
sentiment that helps the US dollar a
lot. In fact, the parallel with dollar
yen is very clear. If you look at the
performance of dollar yen going above
150, the change in the short-term
interest rates in the United States,
it's a very clear correlation between
the two. And what happens with the yen
obviously feeds over to other major
currencies as well. Interestingly, the
Swiss Frank is a big underperformer
today and that in the past has been a
funding currency. Well, currently the
Swiss Frank offers more than 400 basis
points pick up for people in US dollars.
So once again, they may start to look at
that particularly as Switzerland receive
much bigger tariffs and we're expected
39%.
So we're back into the realm where
people might start thinking the dollar
is good to be a carry currency. There's
obvious targets in the yen. Bank of
Japan kicked the can down the road a
long way. They're not going to be
raising interest rates anytime soon. The
US is on hold. Switzerland recently cut
interest rates to zero. So once again,
the yen and the Swiss frank look as
though they're good currencies for
people just to hold in terms of shorting
them against the US dollar.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield, our MI
strategist there, highlighting what to
really watch out when it comes to these
markets and and really we're focusing on
one market as well this morning and and
that is Taiwan. So uh we did get this
effective rate now uh talking about uh
uh 20% for Taiwan. The initial threat
was 32%.
So yes, it is lower than what was
initially sort of uh you know facing but
then again still higher than some of the
North Asian rivals like the likes of
Japan, like the likes of South Korea.
We're waiting for, of course, this press
briefing from the Taiwanese at around
11:30 a.m. local time. So that's about
two hours from now. Let's bring in Jason
Shu, senior fellow at the Hudson
Institute. He's a former legislator at
large in Taiwan's legislative yen, and
he joins us now from Washington DC.
Thank you so much for joining us. Uh
certainly there's a lot to digest here
right now, but 20% tariffs uh there from
Taiwan.
Would you do you see this as a win or
lose for the island? Well, at at face
value, it's bad, but strategically it's
manageable. It's bad because e exports
face cost structure, industrial output
might decline, and economic planning
becomes uh uncertain. However, if Taiwan
can negotiate a bilateral deal quickly,
mitigate a tariff through concession
offers through uh investment procurement
or secure more meaningful trade
concession from US, the scenario could
transition from punitive to
constructive. So, we have to wait and
see how the Taiwan team react and
respond in the next few weeks um and to
see if they can turn the table.
Yeah, Jason, Jason, David here, in fact,
to the point you made, they they
describe this as quote unquote
temporary. U do you think negotiations
are still taking place right now?
>> Well, it is it is somewhat uh upset at
20% for the time being and there will be
some short-term pain. It's substantial
uh with export heavy industry facing
higher barriers, but there's also
bargaining potential. First of all,
Taiwan's uh been non retaliatory posture
offering greater US imports uh tariff
elimination on US goods that that has
been sort of in the core of the the
trade negotiations. And if if Taiwan can
continue this framework on the
particular strategic uh sectors that US
care deeply about such as defense uh
offsets as well as LNG uh uh procurement
deals and this could uh uh ease the uh
the barriers that US is now taking uh a
lot of stock about. Yeah.
Jason, what should I look for in terms
of, you know, section 232, you know,
these sectoral tariffs, right? That
still remains the question mark. There's
been probes into semiconductors. Do you
foresee any sort of further tariffs when
it comes to chips? Yeah, I I mean it's
it's negotiate uh separately from the
reciprocal tax and it's it's obviously a
issue that um President Trump does not
want to tangle with a tariff negotiation
and you can see that the uh chips are
not included in this round of a tariff
announcement and it becomes a leverage
point uh for both uh uh Taiwanese
government and as well as the uh Trump
administration. ation and we'll see to
how two sides use this uh point of
leverage well to each other and the way
I see it is probably Taiwan is in a
weaker position of a negotiation in
terms of section 232 as TSMC already
come under scuni of the uh soft goat uh
case and that is subjected to a large
amount of fine and so this section 232
is becoming a a big issue and I know for
a fact that Taiwan
negotiation team is trying to lump in
section 232 as part of the uh compliance
um deals that uh Taiwan is negotiating
on behalf of uh semiconductor sector.
>> Yeah. And Jason, I'm going to quote this
report from the FT this week of Donald
Trump said to be blocking Taiwan
President uh Linda's New York stock stop
stock. The reason I bring that up is you
mentioned leverage and the notion that
Taiwan has been deprioritized
by the US in favor of talks with with
China. Do you think do do you think that
notion makes sense in your view?
I I think it's a it's it's a quite a a
concerning uh signal uh because uh it
seems Trump is shifting from a uh a
strategic uh principle to a opportunity
seeking uh um a dealm uh situation and
this concession to uh China is a signal
and warning uh to Taiwan's uh uh
leadership and it must be uh taken uh
seriously.
and knowing that uh Taiwan's uh leader
in uh stopping over US is protected
under uh Taiwan relations act. So that
is to say that the tower relations act
uh stipulates that the leaders can stop
over and US should allow the transit and
assist stop over in the US and the fact
that US backed out on this has been seen
as a a rejection um to Taiwan's uh um um
right and as well as a deviation from
Taiwan Relations Act and this could also
further be seen as a uh concession to uh
to China's requests in order for the US
and China to re reach a deal and that it
still has nowhere to be seen yet uh for
the moment being.
>> Yeah, that certainly is interesting,
right? Um I I have to ask you about what
what the the impact on on exporters is
going to be.
>> Yeah.
>> Given the fact that yes, it's it's a
higher tariff rate than some of its
peers in North Asia, you also have to
add on an 11% gain in the currency
against the US dollar this year. How big
of a hit is this really going to be on
on Taiwanese exporters?
>> So, as I mentioned earlier, the
semiconductor so far is being discussed
separately, but the other sectors are
going to be hit quite significantly. the
ones that are hit uh including
electronics ICT and telecom hardware and
this is somewhere between uh 3 to 5% uh
range output and it sounds little but
then considering that there are um
hundreds of thousands of small and
medium uh comp enterprises that are
working in this sector. So it's
significant from the u uh individual
company's uh perspective and secondly it
is the u uh industrial machinery and
steel and heavy manufacturing metal uh
products that will be hit and the
contraction uh for the output is about
5%. Although that is already a
correction from a a higher contraction
if it were to be imposed on a 32% and
this is would also uh uh increase the
burden on the US buyers as US buyers buy
more uh ingredients from Taiwan. uh and
thirdly are consumer goods and textile
and agricultural products and these are
the sector although the total volume is
smaller uh export to the US but the um
the the the impact is probably the
biggest it's uh estimated to be at 10 to
17 u u reducing um contraction for that
matter and so overall speaking uh GDP
growth will be down or slow by 1.2 2 to
1.6%
um with the current 20% uh imposition of
tariff and compared with 3.8% if it were
to be a 32%. And manufacturing center
contraction is probably something to be
most concerning to Taiwan's economy. So
it would be around uh 5% uh under under
the current 20 20% uh uh tariff. And uh
uh a few months ago when the first round
of tariff announced uh Taiwan um already
announced a 77 uh billion NT package. So
that's not going to be enough uh for
this round. There should be something
new coming out to mitigate the loss um
that the small and medium enterprises
has come to bear.
>> Jason Shu, thank you. Senior fellow at
Hudson Institute there joining us out of
DC. And Dave, it's interesting, right? I
spoke with the deputy foreign minister
uh of Taiwan a few months ago and and
you know the thing about chips right the
leverage that they might have as Jason
mentioned is certainly one they looking
at right they they have talked about
this before that if they actually see a
higher tariff rate perhaps it could mean
less investment into the US
>> from some of these chip makers and
exporters alike there there is some sort
of logic going on there and maybe that
could be a potential sort of more room
for negotiations on that
>> I mean that could
to borrow, no pun intended, that their
trump card. The question is, has Donald
Trump prioritized China?
>> And to some extent, maybe that has taken
a bit of a backseat in terms of the the
the broader scheme of things. Uh for our
Bloomberg subscribers, you can check out
T Live Go. By the way, just get you up
to speed, some clarity, nuance, and of
course, uh amidst the
new and fresh figures that have come out
so far, and some of the surprising ones
to the upside there. Some of the
interviews that you might have missed
here. Also, you can check it out and
commentary there of course on your
Bloomberg terminal. Plenty more ahead.
This is the China Show.
[Music]
We're watching EMFX in Asia take a bit
of a backseat to today here. Take a look
at what the offshore MV is doing. It's
that dollar strength certainly, but on
the back of these tariffs as well, you
see the legs of Taiwan, that dollar
there uh breaking above 30. You have
Korean Juan also passing 1400 for the
first time since May. So certainly it
seems like to be an ongoing theme here
this dollar strength Dave.
>> Yeah and you know when you look at
Southeast Asia that's certainly one part
of the conversation. Thailand for
example Cambodia in the headlines as
well today given these rates coming
through on tariffs. In fact Averil is
back with us to talk us through this.
Averil. Yeah. What can you tell us at
this point?
>> Yeah I mean it's really a range of
levies that we're seeing across this 10
member block right. I mean on one end
you have the likes of Laos and even
Myanmar they have 40% in terms of rates
but I think one way of looking at it as
well is when it comes to the bulk of the
major economies like Indonesia uh
Thailand Vietnam they're all getting hit
with 19% and these are kind of countries
that have been in the mix the
consideration in the conversation about
curtailing the China plus one strategy
uh and there been criticism from Trump
as well about the so-called Chinese
trans shipments. Although in the past
couple of months since this tariff
ruption broke out, there hasn't been
that much clarity in how this will be
treated. That is still a key thing to
continue watching. So for these bulk of
these economies that are being hit with
the 19 20% rates, another way of looking
at it as well is how you know when it
comes to Trump uh and these
considerations, it's more about how
there were just too many countries that
had to be in the mix for trade deals or
negotiations and that's how they ended
up with these levels. Uh aside from
that, you had 10% for Singapore. That's
on the low end of things. uh as I
mentioned previously in our conversation
this is also because it has a trade
deficit with the US but it's worth
noting that for a lot of these Southeast
Asian countries they are very export
dependent so it's also about the ripple
effects that they're going to feel from
the tariffs on their trading partners
>> yeah and certainly how does this hit
China in some ways as well as you say uh
given the trade flows there uh certainly
one thing to watch we're getting some
more tariff lines here uh Dave on on
just last when it comes to Thailand
right what do Yeah. No, so this is from
actually this morning here. I guess a
context coming through here out of the
ties, right? So 19% is something that we
figured earlier on was on the higher
side of the expectations, but again the
framing coming through from authorities
to Avil's point just now is this is a
good thing. It keeps it competitive, but
they might need to do other things to
sort of offset some of the collateral
damage. Ail, thank you so much. Ail Hong
in Singapore for us. Plenty more ahead
here on the China show.
[Music]
All right. The
the Friday feeling, which is today's
version of that, is not so much it's a
joy, glee, and jubilee. It's it's get us
to the weekend very quickly. Get us to
the deadline and more clarity on that. a
half of 1% to the downside. Broadly
speaking, a lot of that is Korea, which
is coming off lows, but as you can see,
still a substantial pull. US futures are
coming off lows and Hong Kong is about
flat right now. So, there is some
reaction, make no doubt, but it is not a
rush towards the exit at this point in
time. Still,
>> we're we're still entering into a new
trading month where there's still a lot
of uncertainty. Yes, you you have actual
numbers in place now, but there's still
a lack of a clear framework behind these
sort of tariffs and there's some
arbitrary rates that are, you know, as
well. So it you know does it add to just
more unpredictability? It's hard to say
that word here today. Um but yes you are
seeing at least the the reaction to
markets is risk assets are actually are
selling off whether it is you know bonds
whether it is uh stocks here today. The
dollar is seemingly the one that is the
standout here is king dollar making a
comeback. Still to come more questions
there with Namora as well. Garrett
Nicholson joins us. Talk us through
these tariffs and what to look ahead to
there. The eco impact with UVP. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
If you just joined the show and thought
we were going to talk about US tech
earnings, jobs report,
stable coins in Hong Kong,
>> Apple suppliers,
>> you're you're you're wrong today. Um,
and we basically had to rip up the
entire rundown here to really just focus
on one thing. And of course it is these
array of tariffs that were just laid out
the last couple of hours there from
President Trump and his administration
there. So uh 10 to 15% baseline rates is
what we said as we approach this sort of
deadline of August 1st. But then again
there's some surprising ones that came
out of this as well, right? We talk
about 20% tariffs on Taiwan. You talk
about 39% on Switzerland as Canada as
well from 25 to 35. So certainly there's
a lot to unpack here and that's why you
are seeing perhaps the hang starting to
lose more ground here as we speak
because as Laura Wang from Morgan
Stanley says they're they're putting in
doubt now the durability of this
recovery because we've moved on from the
as they say over excitement around
anti-involution Dave to now focusing on
softer macro data. Yeah, and you know,
we were looking at exports which were
holding up the GDP numbers in China up
until maybe up until right now and maybe
perhaps even the next few months or so.
You know, that pillar of growth likely
is going to be challenged not just in
China but globally, right? And when you
consider global equity markets are up
30% before the 5% drop that we've had in
recent weeks to now, let's call it 25%.
from liberation day, liberation day week
is that justified given now that the
higher there is a higher fence uh as it
pertains to most trade going into the US
and some surprises to the upside right
so Canada we'll unpack that even further
for you so we are getting more lines
coming through there 10% tariff rate on
energy potach is about 10% that's
reduced rate of duty there but again
where do we land on Canada which went
from 25 to to 35% uh global macro movers
coming up on your screens we're looking
at declines across most parts of the
Asia Pacific. It's hard to underscore
it's not all of Asia Pacific that that's
down. Uh right now you have South Korea
which is a capital gains conversation as
well. It's also a conversation where
that market has done exceptionally well
a lot head and shoulders above
everything else. Southeast Asia is
actually catching a bid. You can see
Indonesia is coming online. Malaysia's
up 1%. We'll talk more about that in a
moment. Uh bond markets, bond yields are
generally speaking on the way up.
futures are pointing down and
commodities as well including gold is
also on the downside as I speak.
>> Yeah. So certainly there's risk risk
assets are on offer here this morning of
course as we start to digest more of
this as well. Um there's so much talk
about what else comes right because you
know the Taiwanese say it's just
temporary the 20% tariff. They're not
too happy about it. They probably want
to continue on these discussions. Are
those discussions actually you know
continuing right because it seems like
there's the three buckets. We'll talk
about that a little bit later on of how
these tariff rates might have been laid
out and it really depends on you know
what sort of trade deficit you have
>> of the US has with that
>> yeah with that specific
>> um but then there's still a lot of
things that we don't know right sectoral
tariffs right particularly with Taiwan
we don't know what's going to happen
with chips uh there and then again you
also have the whole trans shipment sort
of thing here and whether we see higher
rates there too
>> yeah sectoral tariffs there's Brazil
obviously which is a standout still
>> 90 days extended yeah
>> yeah and you know what is it So, and
it's also worth underscoring, right? We
still have two hours until the deadline.
So, it's it maybe there are still some
conversations taking place and then it's
going to take, of course, 7 days before
that takes effect because they need that
time of course to start collecting those
those tariffs. So far, and I have to
underscore so far, this is how things
look across the Asia Pacific. Um, and
again, the the word temporary is quite
interesting because how long is it going
to be like how long is temporary? And I
think in about 90 minutes from now, the
Taiwanese are going to be holding this
briefing. So, stay tuned for that. But
yeah, let's help unpack these headlines
and what we know. so far.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in our team.
Bloomberg's Jill Dies and Mimman Low
joining us here. Averil Hong is in
Singapore for us. Jill, I'll start with
you.
>> The dust seems to be settling now, but
what do we've learned so far and really
how these numbers came about?
>> Yes. Uh Ivon, well, as you mentioned, it
seems like what the White House has done
here is kind of pick about three buckets
for uh for different economies to really
fall into. Uh so the first is uh this is
what we've heard from a senior administr
uh administration official. first is
that there's this 10% tariff roughly um
and that's for uh places that run a
surplus uh that the US runs a surplus
with a trade surplus with right and then
you've got roughly 15% that's what
they're saying that's where um you know
you've got the US is running uh
something of a trade deficit and then
larger ranges uh for any nation that
runs a larger uh trade deficit with the
US. So that's essentially the rationale
that the administration is laying out
for why exactly they've divided things
up this way. But there's obviously a
couple of um I think pretty critical
outliers here that we're looking at. Uh
David earlier mentioned Canada that
increase from 25% to 35% on goods.
Obviously not something that Canada and
um you know the president Mark Carney
are going to be necessarily happy with.
Uh but the one thing I will point out
though on Canada is I'm not sure how
much that increase from 25% to 35% will
actually have because remember quite a
few goods are covered under that U. USCA
um you know that trade agreement that
Trump signed during his first term. Um,
plus other uh goods are covered under
separate tariffs like steel tariffs and
things like that, those sectoral tariffs
that you kind of mentioned. So, I do
think that you've got to um you know,
when you're looking at uh the Canada
picture, um that's um there was a report
out from I think it was the Bank of Nova
Scotia last week looking at the
likelihood of a 35% tariff raise and
they ultimately said that when you're
looking at the larger tariff picture for
Canada, that's really only an increase
of maybe like total goods covered um
under um tariffs from from the US, maybe
you jump from 5.5% to 6.5%. So remember
quite a bit exempt um under that
existing trade agreement. The other one
that I'm looking at really here is
Switzerland. Uh I think 39% tariff on
goods there. I think really um really
steep. Um that's also an increase. Um
I'd be really looking to see how that
affects pharmaceutical goods trades into
the US. And remember I think as you also
mentioned Yvon um the threat of
additional sectoral tariffs also
potentially affecting pharma. So um you
know maybe that's another one to watch
here. So yes certainly a lot on the
table here but those are a couple that
really stood out to me. amendment on the
Taiwan side of things. What do we know?
>> Yes. So, the Taiwanese government has
said that those tariffs are temporary.
They are still looking to hold a next
round of talks with the US to lower
tariffs. And in particular, they really
want to get a favored rate on chips
because, as you said, there has been the
sectoral tariffs that are not yet
announced that could potentially hit
TSMC quite badly. And already that 20%
tariff on Taiwan is really a
disappointment if you compare it to some
of their neighbors, South Korea and
Japan. big rivals there especially when
it comes to the chip sector getting just
15% tariffs I think that's what Taiwan
would want to be able to match and of
course this is coming against the
backdrop of the US reportedly blocking
President Linta from stopping over in
the US on a trip uh upcoming trip that
was reportedly cancelled and this is
coming as the US is hoping to reach a
trade deal with China and that really
sends a signal of you know is the US
changing its stance when it comes to you
know its relations with Taiwan here and
of course this is I mean, as Taiwan has
been trying to do a lot to appease the
US, right? Closing some of these export
control loopholes by putting a couple of
Chinese companies like Huawei, SMIC on
an entity list as well, pledging to
increase investment in the US, but all
of these still not enough to lower the
tariffs.
>> Yeah, I mean, you could almost add the
currency into it, although they denied
it, right, of letting it allow it to
strengthen. But yet, then again, Mman,
thank you. We're getting some lines now
from the president speaking to NBC uh
right now. So, they're telling NBC News
he is now open to further talks with
Canada and he actually may speak to Mark
Carney later on this Thursday night, but
he also caveed that uh he won't make a
deal with Canada before the deadline.
So, you know, they might continue, but
maybe we might be yielding too much
there. But certainly, that is an update
that we're seeing here between US and
Canada. Averil, I'll bring you in here
right now. Let's talk about Southeast
Asia. I think it's around 19% for most
of these nations. Well, how is it being
perceived?
>> Yeah, I think for the likes of Thailand
and Cambodia that had been threatened
with 36%, this is seen as a really good
outcome. Um indeed you're hearing from
the ties their business groups already
saying that you know this is uh
something that you know they can kind of
take in absorb so to speak and the Thai
finance minister also kind of
highlighted how they stand ready with
measures to shield farmers businesses
amid all this overall the view is that
this will help to preserve their export
base the longerterm economic stability
although there will be I think some uh
convincing ing for Thai businesses and
consumers given these tariff levels at
19% still uh because of as you know how
the economy has already been struggling
this year one of the underperformers if
you're looking at their markets as well
they have been struggling to recover
because tourism recovery had been
lagging so there's also this element of
political instability in the country
which was part by the border conflict uh
it's part of how you know these deals
need to be taken back to businesses and
consumers that governments need to
convince the public that these are good
deals. We might see something similar
for Cambodia. But as I say overall, this
is seen as a good outcome. If you look
at the likes of Malaysia though, uh we
have been discussing right with the
trade minister in May that 10% you know
would be seen as a good outcome. Now
it's still getting hit by 19%. For some
context, we have been seeing uh Malaysia
as ASEAN chair this year being quite
vocal about these tariffs. The prime
minister had warned about this uh trade
uh reductions and we've also seen them
hosting some Chinese leaders including
the Chinese president. So there's some
context for what we're seeing at the
moment. But overall uh we are seeing it
at least that we know what these levels
are what these economies are going to
have to be working with
>> team. Thank you so much. Averil Hong in
Singapore Minman Lo here on set also
with Jill Jesus to help us unpack what
we know so far and the clarity that is
um needed uh given the confusion still
out there. Right. Uh coming up here on
shows, we'll be speaking with Namura and
UBP on the markets and the economy and
what this really means and what clarity
we have right now to latch on to markets
this Friday. Mostly lower, not a rush
towards the exits. The dollar is
continuing to see some strength after
capping its I believe its best month so
far this year in July and still on set
still set for its best week in three
years. Plenty more ahead. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. So, uh,
yeah, it's Friday and, you know, I was
off yesterday, so my my my compass is a
bit off. I mentioned Hong Kong GDP was
coming out today. it came out yesterday.
So that's that's on me. Anyway, it's
backward-looking data, so it's not
really that significant as far as the uh
the the forward-looking element is
concerned. That said, a lot will depend
on where tariffs settle to determine
really how we go with the economy here
uh in Hong Kong. Bond yields, as you can
see, are on the way up, generally
speaking, not across the board, but it's
certainly a a theme we've seen so far
today.
>> Yeah. And you know, when it comes to
what the standout is, it still remains
the dollar, right? The sort of reversal
that we've seen in the dollar of late.
Now to the upside, right? We're we're
set for the best week in three years
when it comes to the greenback.
Obviously, the Fed meeting and all that
kind of had sparked a lot of this as
well, but all these trade deals as well
is leading to a lot of these EMFX Asia
sort of currencies to see a bit of
pressure here, especially when it comes
to Taiwan, the Juan uh as well. Taiwan
dollar is above 30. You have Korean Juan
at 1400 levels here this morning. And
we're still watching the Looney here
given just what happened with those
trade talks there.
>> Yeah. Well, what do we do now? Right,
the dollar's making a comeback. Equity
markets are pulling are peeling back
from what 30% gains from liberation day.
Uh, to help us answer those questions,
Gareth, uh, let me call you Nostradamus
Nicholson is with us right now. CIO and
head of discretionary petroleum
management at Numura. He joins us from
Shanghai. Gareth, in case the viewers
don't uh, get that inside joke, of
course. you know, part of the
conversations that you've sent us and
talking points is you've sort of called
uh called the wall to this rally and you
know, the the the pullback that we're
seeing right now given the headlines we
are seeing right now. Um are you now
bearish in stocks? How does this change
your short and longer term view?
>> Well, thank you David for that
introduction. That's the first one like
that. I like it. Um realistically, uh
the the signals were pretty clear.
You're going into end of the month. Uh
we've had a fantastic run as you
highlighted since liberation day. Even
the one-year numbers up 16 70% on on the
S&P. This has been a very strong rally
given all the uncertainties. Uh it makes
a lot of sense for traders for dealers
to take some money off the table going
into non-form payrolls today going into
we knew was going to be tariff
announcements tonight. Uh and you know
the the 1% pullback I think makes sense
from a prudent investor perspective.
It's something we expect to see some
headwinds for equities over the next few
weeks. you know, that's that's
shortterm. I really do believe for the
longer term, we can still see a further
grind up from here. Uh earnings,
fantastic. There's a number of drivers
we can chat about uh for for the more
medium longer term.
>> Okay, we'll get to that in a second. I
want to get your take on tariffs, right?
You mentioned here, is this executive
order a pothole or the start of a trade
war sequel?
>> How are you digesting some of these
tariff levels now around the world?
Well, you don't
basic numbers I can understand. We know
2024 it was around about you know the
average tariff uh rate from the US was
about 2 and a half%. Now we since this
latest announcements we've gone up from
about 13% to 15% average. Um which is a
big jump but it is nowhere near as scary
as some of the numbers we were expecting
previously. Uh we do think that the
current framework for corporates uh in
this environment uh has been working
move production um
work on passing this to the consumer and
you know generally speaking earnings
show that this has been successful. So
at this current level uh you know 13 or
15 the multiples for the earnings are
going to remain pretty solid until we
start seeing this flow meaningfully into
inflation and that's not the case just
yet. when we start seeing you inflation
above 3% and sticky around there then we
could start seeing further uh you know
material weakness in the equity markets
but at these current market levels given
the macro backdrop and we think uh you
know nonform payrolls and the other
numbers we can chat about are pretty
constructive this is still a strong
equity market for the medium to longer
term.
Yeah. And Gareth, the I guess on the
earnings front, you mentioned multiples,
right? So I I this I guess in some ways
this addresses some of the concerns over
over higher multiples at this point in
time. Uh I guess the follow-up question
I have then is are is this earning
season and how good those earnings were
and how broadened now that we're seeing
across this earnings story in the US, is
that now a risk for other equity markets
which have done well?
>> Yeah, I mean we're walking a valuation
type definitely David. Uh earnings are
6.4. 4% above expectations. Uh you know
it seems most of the big names have done
well. So a lot of the the breadth is
increasing. So it's not just the big
names. Generally speaking this is
constructive for for an environment. Now
it's 22 times PE ratio in the S&P.
That's that's expensive. It's one
standard deviation above the long-term
average but it's not super expensive for
it to grind higher from here. You need a
strong macroeconomic environment. And
the tricky bit is as we know there is
lots and lots of factors driving the
macro picture at the moment be it how
the you know one big beautiful bull
plays through the fiscal gambles around
that you know pressures around the long
end of the curve more news around the
tariff there's a lot of potential uh
potholes to slow to slow this economic
uh environment down at the moment but
you know give benefit where it's uh
where it's deserved uh the economic uh
picture is robust the earnings numbers
are coming through robust we believe
that This at the moment is uh the right
position to continue with a grind up in
equity prices. Use uh the dip to add
into high conviction sectors and much
more about sector specific uh uh value
year than just the broad index in our
opinion. Uh and I think this is you know
highlights that we need to be
particularly active in our trading in
this environment to to maintain that
robustness to remain that that low draw
down. Uh it's it's going to be an event
for the remaining part of the year. Uh
but still profitable.
>> Uh Gareth, I gota ask you about the
dollar. Um it seems like right now we're
seeing a bit of breakout here right now.
And up until recently, it's really been
a currency that's been divorced from
rate differentials, divorced from
everything else. What do you think is
going on now? Are we are we kind of
coming back to a new normal or the old
normal for the dollar?
I I like the new normal in the sense
that uh as you highlighted it was the
most hated trade for for the last few
months. It's really been you know some
of the headlines that have come out have
been so damning of the poor dollar uh um
you know from king to zero. But I don't
think that's realistic. I think that's
just the market you know jumping on the
wave and riding maybe too far on shore.
Uh this will come back to a level that
is the new normal using uh using that
narrative. I think there is a a trend
for lower dollar for weakness over the
long term. I think this uh this
correction is probably uh you know
rightly so. It it just it got too weak
too quickly. Uh so for us we still
prefer diversifying out of the dollar to
a reasonable level. We a lot of our
portfolio a lot of our clients have had
a huge concentration in the dollar over
the years. Uh 70 80 90% of their assets
in in dollar exposure. that has worked
but we've been highlighting in the
beginning of the year we want to
diversify that into a more sensible
number uh look at other currencies other
asset classes um and this will just give
more opportunity for our clients to uh
rebalance and build an even stronger
more resilient portfolio
>> let me bring in you know the US 10ear
yield the bond market bond market yields
you know we've had inflation overnight
we had the Fed this week jobs are coming
up out of the US Gareth and I guess my
question is at what point do you think
or will they get to a point where rate
differentials will matter to those
clients who are probably diversifying to
your point away from the dollar. At what
point do they go then ask you hey you
know there's some positive carry there
and what do I do with that information
Gareth? Yeah, I I think that's key. Like
you said, we won what around 438ish
level. Uh if you think round numbers uh
um we want to get paid for uh uh for
these risks, you want sufficient carry.
Anything north of 450, I think you're
starting to get paid for uh the kind of
uncertainty that we're seeing at the
moment. I think it will still drift
higher until we get to a point where
investors, depending on their uh uh uh
level of needs, will say, "Okay, I'm
getting paid. The car's there." Uh but I
still think it's going to go further
from here. Uh I would only really start
looking personally around the four and a
half percentage from the 10 years. I
think that's a level in the sand where
you can start um trying to balance out
your your carry, your income, your
growth. Uh at this level it's there's
still a lot of uncertainty. We're going
to see payrolls come through. You got a
lot more inflation prints. Uh as we know
the hard data is holding up well, but
the soft data, the surveys, the
sentiment that that's still very weak.
uh and we think there's going to be a
convergence where the hard data is going
to get weaker and maybe the soft data
gets slightly stronger. Uh and we'll
meet somewhere in the middle. Uh but
from a a carry Treasury perspective, we
think yields still higher from here.
>> Yeah, we still have two inflation
prints, two labor prints in the US
before that September uh meeting for the
Fed. So certainly one to watch. Um I got
to get your take. You're in Shanghai,
Gareth. So uh what your take is on the
on this China equity rally which seems
to be petering out right now. Morgan
Stanley had an interesting note saying
there's been a maybe too much excitement
over anti-involution and now we're
starting to see you know the data this
you know and the macro data start to
turn soft in China. Does this rally now
is it in doubt?
>> Uh I think you know for us the the China
rally has been a technical rally with
regards to fundamentals still need to
show support. the stimulus still needs
to really gain traction for this to be a
a a long-term uh um very bullish
conviction. At the moment we're applying
more tactical as highlighted but on the
ground here in Shanghai visiting some of
the big exhibitions some of the AI
innovations some of the factory
automation uh the innovation is so
strong the the the amount of people
involved uh and exhibitioners the the
visitors uh there is a lot of good
energy here a lot more energy than I've
seen uh you know same time last year uh
so I feel more constructive personally
just on the ground here and I think as
we see the macro picture and the
stimulus play through that really will
will uh come back again. At the moment
on a technical aspect, we are watching
very much the momentum. Uh we're
lightening up risk when we see uh the
the the the bumps increasing, but again
for medium to long term remain
constructive. Chinese equity, I think
this is a space that's got a lot of
legs. Uh a lot of the the right moves
are made on the longer term, but in the
short term, it's going to be volatile
and we want to trade it pretty actively.
>> All right, Gareth, we got to go. Garrett
Nicholson, CIO and head of discretionary
portfolio management at Numeura. Have a
great weekend there. Still ahead, UBP
joining us to help unpack how this new
US tariffs and the like will shift
global trade. Carlos Kasanova joins us
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, there is an NDRC briefing
that's happening in China here this
morning and we're hearing a little bit
more about them talking a little bit
more about over competition. So, China
to name and shame typical cases of over
competition also to strengthen the
policy support for computing power. This
as they talk about deeper integration of
AI and economic development. So, that's
certainly what's been focusing on here
today here. Obviously, this whole
anti-involution theme and really what we
got from that polar bureau meeting was
this stress on really trying to rein
over capacity in parts of this economy.
CSI 300, we're slightly above water
there. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to that lunch break here right
now and we are focused on what's been
going on. It's a bit of a two sort of
stories in the equity markets. The nicke
is down, topics is higher. Uh we're up
about 4/10 of a percent for the topics
there. Dollar yen's at 150. So a little
bit of weakness there just reflecting
that dollar strength we've seen of late
as well. Um but yes, that is the latest
when it comes to Japan. Of course, after
we had that BOJ meeting yesterday, Dave.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Oh yeah, you weren't here for that.
>> What happened there?
>> Nothing. Nothing. Okay, there we go.
Good, good, good day to take off
actually.
Well, there's a jobs number that's
coming out later today. So, um at about
the time Ivonne and I will probably be
asleep looking at our
>> lifestyle choices these days. Yes.
>> Um 8:00 p.m. is uh stretching it.
>> Uh let's have a look at markets right
now. So, it's, you know, notwithstanding
it's an extremely busy
>> news day. We've as we've torn up the
script going into the show. We've been
tearing up scripts as we go along.
4/10en of 1% uh to the downside at Asia
Pacific. We are still by the way
counting down to the the end of that
deadline which is in about an hour and a
half give or take and then 7 days after
that and when things take effect. Um by
the way this time in the next hour uh
stay tuned for Taiwan at the press
briefing that they have said they'll
they're scheduled to do 11:30 uh local
time. Right. some of the initial takes
on
well more clarity on tariffs right now.
So higher tariffs will be cutting growth
will boost inflation. Our folks at
Bloomberg economics and let let me just
paraphrase this. If the new settings
take effect as planned in about 7 days
or so, including some of the assumptions
on your screens, EU, Japan, and South
Kristic, uh we're looking at a pick up
from 3.3 13.3% average tariffs in the US
to 15.2. That's up substantially. Get
this, from
last year, which was in low single
digits. So what does this mean for not
just the US, for global shipments, for
inflation down the road? Let's get a
sense of that with Carlos Kasanova, MD
and senior Asia economist at UBP who's
had to tear up part of his morning plans
to be with us today. Thank you for
coming in fairly last minute, but yes,
we're all yours. Where do we start?
What's top of mind as you've seen all
these rates come through this morning?
Well, we knew something had to happen.
So, he's already delayed the um deadline
uh twice and uh some countries have been
more proactive than others in trying to
secure a trade deal even if the details
of those trade deals are not fully
announced.
>> So, we were expecting him to do
something um especially via v the
lagards. So, China and Mexico, we were
expecting those tariffs to be high for
India as well. um and we have visibility
as to what the new um world trade order
is going to look like going forward. So
I think market is definitely uh of
course going to be a bit choppy but in
the long term with that visibility is
going to help um markets to price in the
outcome of you know USCPI, US GDP and
what to expect for earnings going
forward. So um it is in line with with
what we expected and I would say um not
the end of it. So we should still see
some deals uh come through before the
end of 2025.
>> What is how you do the tariff math now
when it comes to the impact on either
profit margins or whether you you know
some of these companies can pass on to
consumers. I mean what are you looking
in terms of maybe the inflationary
impact to all this now?
>> Okay. So
we have um now average tariffs that are
around 15%. I believe if you take in the
previous tariff levels um we are looking
at slightly higher than that. depends on
how you calculate the trade weighted
average. Uh but it's going to be between
15 and 20% compared to just uh slightly
above 2% prior to liberation day.
>> And Trump is going to be using those
revenues to support his domestic agenda.
So that is the endgame here. um he is
going to push forward with his big
beautiful bill with project 2025
and tariffs serve a purpose to a finance
that agenda and b um extract concessions
including geopolitical concessions from
some of these countries in terms of and
it's a risk the riskreward is there so
they've calculated yes we are going to
see some upside on inflation yes it's
going to trim down GDP but it's
manageable and the market is now a lot
more complacent about that tariff level
than it would have been prior to the
announcement so we are
um at a pass through on CPI to around
3.5%.
>> It remains a big question mark for the
Fed. Will it stay at 3.5%. Or will it go
back down to 2% over the coming uh one
or two years? We think that it will go
back down because um countries are going
to take cues from the China playbook to
try to absorb partially the the cost of
those tariffs. um and it will drag on US
activity um we think in the coming in
the coming months once you start to feel
the impact of tariffs but it's still a
soft landing scenario with um inflation
remaining within a reasonable level that
they sort of calculate that it won't
really derail their agenda so that's
kind of the endgame here
>> yeah it's interesting how how you put
that it's almost a transfer of growth
from US ex exporters to the US to you
know fiscal pump priming and I think Jay
Powell even mentioned that during his
the the the Fed press briefing, he
alluded to how much they're actually
bringing in a month because at the 2030
billion I think was the revenue. So So
my question is if you could elaborate
more on that, you know, how are you know
these countries now that are exporting
to the US that now can't count on future
exports, how do you think they'll manage
to to salvage or offset the slowdown
coming through uh over the next let's
call it, I don't know, year and a half.
>> Well, we should see support for
exporters still. Um so we should see tax
sub tax cuts and other subsidies for
exporters. China um did that very
successfully. We should um you know the
theme for the remainder of the year with
all this uncertainty is is uh broad
dollar weakness within some limits. Uh
but going forward I think you are going
to see countries in Asia. you are going
to see China trying to um trying to
lower the trade weighted level of their
currencies to preserve some terms of
some terms of trade um and try to offset
that cost. But you are also going to see
countries pivoting more aggressively
towards domestic demand through a
combination of monetary policy cuts and
fiscal stimulus. So fiscal really is
taking over from monetary but in Asia we
are not in a pause yet. You know, the
ECB has paused, the Fed has paused since
December, looking to cut again in the
fourth quarter, but throughout the first
half of this year in Asia, we continue
to cut interest rates and that's going
to be supportive for growth, I think,
>> all the way into the first half of 2026.
So, we expect some of these banks that
started a bit later, um, Australia, you
know, Malaysia to continue to cut rates
into 2026. And that's going to support a
more aggressive pivot towards domestic
demand to try to offset the decline from
US final demand.
>> How are you deciphering between the
halves and have nots? who's going to be
coming out of this better, who's going
to be the biggest loser?
>> We continue to like countries that are
more domestically oriented. Um so the
Indas and the Indones um they are better
positioned um I think structurally to
benefit from this new trade order
>> even with 25% tariffs for India.
>> Uh even with 25% tariffs for India and
we can discuss India in more detail and
what role that negotiation serves. Um
but in the short term there are markets
that were hit heavily and that are very
export dependent and with the
improvement in visibility are going to
rebound more aggressively in the near
term. So countries uh like South Korea
for example we've seen a lot of upside
year-to- date that continues uh in the
context of now we have visibility and
tariffs have been lowered to 15%
including for out exports but uh sort of
the medium-term view is that
domestically oriented economies benefit.
I think if you look at you made a very
good point before we started you know
the the missing pieces to the puzzle are
very large economies right uh Brazil
Mexico India we're not even sure of that
for example to your point do you think
the outcomes for those will have a
material impact on how we eventually
land in terms of effective tariff rates
in the US for example is that going to
be material in other words moving
forward
>> 100% so I think if we don't have an
outcome in Mexico and China, those are
the two largest export uh exporters to
the US. Certainly, we could see some
upside risks to tariffs and USCPI. Our
current basic scenario is that we should
so um we expect that President Xi and
Trump will meet around November, you
know, following the APEC summit in
Korea. That should pave the way for some
sort of deal. We have seen from Korea
and Japan that you are able to sign a
deal agreeing on an average tariff level
with some of the other details remaining
to be confirmed. for example, uh who is
purchasing US goods, who is investing in
the US. Um those details can be ironed
out later. So I think it is possible for
these big economies to strike a similar
type deal before the end of the year and
that should hopefully pave the way to
that scenario where inflation in the US
is capped at 3.5%.
>> Carlos, it's great to have you. Carlos
Kasanova there, MD and senior economist
for Asia at UBP. And subscribers can
also turn to the terminal for more on
this. TIV go has been on fire this
morning. It's your function for the
latest updates, commentary, analysis
from our expert editors. Play more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Southeast Asia seems to be a play today.
Is this a hedge against the uncertainty
out there? Is this repositioning? Is
this US in this part of the world at
least escaping worst case scenarios?
Thailand of course is a big has been a
very big topic of conversation this
morning with the tariff rates there. Uh
and maybe what that means, right? Uh in
fact uh our colleague John Chang has put
out this note going into today. I should
also note that that Southeast Asian
markets and global funds have been
coming into this market specific markets
perhaps as a play and as trade fears
fade question mark. Now on the Thailand
part of the conversation it's 19%
the tariff rate on goods from Thailand.
We have the finance minister coming out
and talking about how that 19% is a
competitive rate that can boost investor
confidence. Uh let's bring in Papicha
Tanaka Simpipa in Bangkok for us to talk
us through uh whether or not this is
being well it's clearly being framed as
a good thing 19%. What are you hearing
on the ground and how does that resonate
among the business community there?
Definitely David, Thailand is framing
this as a win for sure for the 19% rate
that we got because it is within a range
that Thailand previously expected and
also in line with regional neighbors
like Indonesia, the Philippines and
Malaysia which all got 19% as well and
Vietnam which got 20%. And that really
is the key because the Thai finance
minister Pishai Chunhav said that um
having a rate that is in line with
neighbors will help keep Thailand stay
competitive as an exporter and a
regional manufacturing hub and uh will
also boost investor confidence and that
sentiment is also echoed by various
business groups. As of this morning uh
the Thai Chamber of Commerce expressed a
similar sentiment on that as well.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and it seems like this peace
deal with Cambodia certainly helped them
in some ways. You know, tell us a bit
more though now, now that we have an
actual tariff rate of 19%. What is at
stake for the Thai economy?
>> Definitely. The US is Thailand's biggest
export market and accounted for 18% of
total shipments last year, Ivon. Um, so
there's a lot at stake for the Thai
economy. uh especially as the uh the
Thai government has been grappling with
all sorts of domestic issues at home
including a political crisis um
involving a suspended prime minister as
well as the border clash with Cambodia
that you just mentioned. Um so uh as for
the economy, the Bank of Thailand
previously in June um uh uh made a
forecast that the Thai economy would
grow by 2.3%
um if it gets an 18% tariff rate. and
also the finance minister you've
previously revised down a GDP forecast
for the year from 3% to around 2% based
on the tariff risks. So uh it seems more
or less in line with what Thailand has
been expecting and thinks it can manage.
So we will now see how the real change
happens on the ground and how the
government plans to shield uh the
businesses and farmers from fallouts of
more US imports into Thailand.
Papicha, thank you. Papicha Tanakas and
Peibat there. Our Bangkok bureau
reporter joining us with the latest on
that on Thailand here and of course uh
on Thursday, well today, President Trump
also announced a plan levy at at least
25% on Indian exports. I should say
yesterday, I forgot what day it is. Tata
Steel CEO
has about how they're mitigating global
tariff risks.
>> It's still early days. We are waiting to
see the details. Obviously from a Tatast
steel point of view, there's not much of
an impact because uh we don't really
export much from India to the US. We
export more from uh Netherlands and UK
to the US. As far as Indian industry is
concerned, I think uh yes there is a
fair amount of exports which goes to the
U US engineering exports uh also pharma.
Uh so there are many sectors uh which
are impacted by this but let's wait and
see what happens over the next few days.
As you suggested, Tata Steel and other
steel makers in India are not really
impacted because of the lack of
exposure. How about indirect impact?
Maybe Indian downstream sectors
businesses for instance.
>> Absolutely. So there is a fair amount of
engineering exports which goes uh to the
US. Uh that will have obviously some
impact on the steel consumption in India
but largely steel consumption in India
is driven uh by the domestic consumption
basically in construction and
automotive. So I don't see the indirect
impact on the steel industry also to be
significant uh in India.
>> How about your own overseas business?
Might that be hurt in any way?
>> Yes, that is getting impacted because uh
we have a significant operation in
Netherlands which exports about 10% of
what they produce to the US. Uh so as
far as uh what we know it's still 50%
duty on steel exports from Europe to the
US uh notwithstanding the recent
agreement that they've signed. So we
again waiting clarity on that. Uh some
of it is obviously impacting our
customers in the US because uh uh some
of those steels that we sell from Europe
into the US is not made in the US. So
they have no option but to import and so
some of these costs get born by them.
From the UK where also we have an
operation again about 5% of what we
produce there goes to the US. Uh there
the UK struck a deal with the US on a
10% duty. So we are better off there
than we were or than we are in
Netherlands.
>> But is there a sense of how much you'll
be impacted? Can you quantify the impact
especially for your business in the UK?
>> Yeah. So I think uh uh these are like I
said 5 to 10% of the volume but maybe
about 15 to 20% of the profitability of
the businesses. So uh while there are
mitigating actions like I said in some
cases we are able to pass on some of
these costs to the customers in the US
but in other cases where we are not able
to pass on those costs we are looking at
alternate markets where we can sell the
same products because what we sell into
the US are basically high-end steels. Uh
so you need to replace them with highend
steels for other markets and not
substitute them for the commercial grade
steels which are easier to sell. So the
mitigation actions are going on. So the
overall impact uh uh mitigated impact
would be much less but if he didn't do
anything it would have had an impact on
the profitability uh because they
account for a larger share of a
profitability than the volumes.
>> You talked about mitigating some of the
impact. How are you mitigating in terms
of countering volatility that is
expected uh to to accelerate from here?
So you would mitigate by looking at
other products which are similarly
profitable and uh other markets whether
in Europe or elsewhere. For instance,
the Middle East is a growing market for
some of these steels. So we're looking
at Middle East. We're looking at Latin
America as a market. Uh so we're looking
at other markets uh where there is a
requirement for these high steels and uh
where we are not impacted by these kind
of tariffs.
And that was a Tata Steel CEO TV
Narendra. They're speaking exclusively
with Bloomberg inside anchor Hinda Amen.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're tracking
something that's going on here. There
was a statement on WeChat that was
coming through from the China National
Cyerspace Administration on recent cyber
attacks. Now, uh this seems to be
alluding to US intelligence agencies
that have frequently carried out cyber
attacks on China's defense and military
industries to steal secrets here. So,
that is the context of what we're
seeing. Um and US agencies used the
Microsoft flaw in these attacks. How
Microsoft gets put into all this Dave?
Obviously there was that hack with
SharePoint recently and the US have said
you know China and some groups there may
have been responsible.
>> Yeah. So this is the other side of that
and I think the full statement they just
put that out
>> uh on WeChat I believe is the full
statement there. Okay. So that's
actually so that came out about 20
minutes back as we were covering all the
latest on trade and tariffs also taking
place in the last hour. here is this
NDRC uh and some of the newsines that
have come through and I think most
noteworthy here I would say among the
many things including you know a policy
support for computing power and the
trade in subsidies and we have a number
for that right now 69 billion remmbb
that's for October is a push and a focus
toward
um curbing excessive competition so a
couple of things China will regulate
market price order in a powerful manner
they'll be guiding companies to make
rational pricing uh naming and shaming
typical cases of over competition.
Whether this is related to the newslines
that have come through, mate has come
out with a statement just now. They're
promising to curb disorderly
competition.
>> Okay.
>> Uh how is certainly the big thing. Uh
certainly when it comes to the food
delivery side of things, most analysts
that we talked to say this whole
anti-involution theme is not going to
benefit me and the like um because of
what needs to be done, whether it's
helping merchants or helping uh those on
the side of the side of things. So
certainly that's one thing to watch. Uh
we're also watching this press briefing
that's going to be at the bottom of the
next hour here in Taiwan and how there
are going to be talking about that 20%
tariff rate from the US. Yeah, that
starts 11:30 uh 38 minutes from now
local time. So stay tuned for that of
course in the next hour of Bloomberg
television and take keep in mind that's
30 minutes to the end of the deadline
and then from that point you count 7
days and all these tariffs that have
been announced and perhaps more that
will come will take effect around this
time next week. On that note that's uh
almost it from us here uh on Blueberry
TV on the China show. Just to mention
when you look at markets right now going
into the the rest of the session today
is we still have the jobs report coming
through. We're still feeling the after
effects of this reversal higher in the
US dollar. Uh set for the best week in
how long?
>> Three years.
>> Three years. There we go. And a Chinese
equity market that seems to be actually
holding up this Friday.
>> Yeah, it seems to be kind of bucking,
you know, the rest of the trend here
right now. Perhaps this whole
anti-evolution theme does have a bit
more legs there today. You take a look
at how Hangen is though. We're actually
slightly lower now about a third of 1%.
So still uh we'll watch very closely
Taiwan dollar right we we we're now
above that 30 level there uh for the
currency and certainly what they say
right obviously our guests have said 20%
is bad
>> from a headline sort of way of looking
at it if you compare it to the likes of
Japan likes of South Korea that both got
15%. How are they going to spin this?
They keep saying it's temporary right?
So they're hoping there's a 7-day window
now to maybe keep those talks going
until these tariffs go into effect.
Yeah, we'll see. We'll see on whether or
not what their trump cards are, no pun
intended, as far as Taiwan is concerned.
So, how they're framing it is actually
important because a market that comes
online in the next hour is Thailand. And
what they're saying is, well, 19% that's
actually a good thing that reflects the
a competitive uh that's at a competitive
enough level for uh the economy to grow
over in Thailand. And of course, the
finance minister is framing this as a
win. So far, Taiwan, that hasn't seemed
to be the case. temporarily there and
we'll see how those conversations go.
>> Yeah. And there's still so much to deal
with, right? I think we're still trying
to figure out what India and what
they're going to get out of this. We
still have a US China deadline that's
happening on August 12th as well.
>> Canada.
>> Oh, we haven't even started with Brazil.
>> Plenty more to come. All right. Have a
good weekend. Stay with us.
[Music]